README.md, before:

### INF601 - Advanced Programming in Python
### Jeremy McKowski
### Mini Project 2
 
# Project Title
 
Miniproject 2 
 
## Description
 
This program loads fictional Wal-Mart data and plots it on a US map.
It then generates 3 charts that top 10 states by total sales, 
Avg weekly sales across stores, & avg temp vs avg sales across stores.

It also displays a map of the locations of the stores.
 
## How to use it
Run main.py, it will load the data and plot it.

## Getting Started
Please download the following data from github. 

I used a kaggle dataset (below) and modifed it with random geolocation data. 
* [Walmart Sales Data](https://github.com/QuantumOfThought/miniProject2JeremyMcKowski/blob/main/data/Walmart_sales.csv)
 
### Dependencies
 
Please install the pip requirements:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
 
### Executing program
```
python main.py
```
 
## Authors
Jeremy McKowski
 
## Version History

* 0.1
    * Initial Release
 
## Acknowledgments

* [Matplotlib Documentation](https://matplotlib.org/stable/users/index.html)
* [Geopandas Documentation](https://geopandas.org/en/stable/docs/user_guide/mapping.html)
* [Jason Zeller](https://www.youtube.com/@profzeller)
* [Claude](https://claude.ai/share/8d067276-03d9-48d6-986a-4adbd0faf1c0)
* [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/code/msjahid/walmart-sales-exploration/input)

Commit message:

Update README.md to clarify data file usage and folder creation instructions

README.md, after:

### INF601 - Advanced Programming in Python
### Jeremy McKowski
### Mini Project 2
 
# Project Title
 
Miniproject 2 
 
## Description
 
This program loads fictional Wal-Mart data and plots it on a US map.
It then generates 3 charts that top 10 states by total sales, 
Avg weekly sales across stores, & avg temp vs avg sales across stores.

It also displays a map of the locations of the stores.
 
## How to use it
Run main.py, it will load the data and plot it.

## Getting Started
Please download the following data from github. 
The file uses the gerate data.py, however you do not need that py file to run this.
I used a kaggle dataset (below) and modifed it with random geolocation data. 

Download this data and place it in a folder called data. 
* [Walmart Sales Data](https://github.com/QuantumOfThought/miniProject2JeremyMcKowski/blob/main/data/Walmart_sales.csv)
The program will also check for a data folder, 
if you do not have one it will create the folder for you to place the data in.

### Dependencies
 
Please install the pip requirements:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
 
### Executing program
```
python main.py
```
 
## Authors
Jeremy McKowski
 
## Version History

* 0.1
    * Initial Release
 
## Acknowledgments

* [Matplotlib Documentation](https://matplotlib.org/stable/users/index.html)
* [Geopandas Documentation](https://geopandas.org/en/stable/docs/user_guide/mapping.html)
* [Jason Zeller](https://www.youtube.com/@profzeller)
* [Claude](https://claude.ai/share/8d067276-03d9-48d6-986a-4adbd0faf1c0)
* [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/code/msjahid/walmart-sales-exploration/input)
